Stack: clean (#3871)
gruntwork-io/terragrunt: docs/_docs/04_reference/02-cli-options.md

app2
```

#### stack clean

Running `terragrunt stack clean` removes the `.terragrunt-stack` directory, which is generated by the `terragrunt stack generate`

> or `terragrunt stack run` commands. This can be useful when you need to reset the stack state or troubleshoot issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or `terragrunt stack run` commands. This can be useful when you need to remove generated configurations or troubleshoot issues.
```

Avoid using the term "state" unless you're talking about OpenTofu/Terraform state.
